feat: script to register redirects for migrated V1 projects (#4194)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: scripts/generate-redirects-from-migrations/README.md

# Generate Redirects Script

Renku Legacy projects can be migrated into projects for the current version of Renku. There is a problem, though. The identifier for the (Legacy) GitLab project is the GitLab identifier, and this requires access to GitLab to determine the namespace/slug. Once GitLab is decommissioned, this will no longer be possible.

This script address this problem and registers redirect entries for the namespace/slug of the migrated project.

## Running

In this folder, run

```
go run .
```

> You will be prompted for authentication tokens for Renku and GitLab. In both cases, admin tokens are required for the script wo work correctly.
> 
> For Renku there is no way to create tokens -- the only option is to get the session cookie from the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be prompted for authentication credentials for Renku and GitLab. In both cases, the credentials should have admin privileges.

For Renku we expect value of the `_renku_session` cookie after the user logs in as an administrator in the browser.
```

Reviewer: Can you please clarify what type of token is accepted for Gitlab. I suppose any kind? Or you only tested with a personal access token? If so just specify the type of token you tested with. We dont have to try to check / confirm that all token types will work.

Author: Good point. I only tested with a personal access token for the read_api scope, and I have updated the prompt to clarify this.

The personal access tokens are easy enough to create and manage, so I think this should be sufficient.
